Update 100-instance-types.md (#5853)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/aws/content/101-ec2/100-instance-types.md

# Instance Types

AWS EC2 instances come in a variety of types optimized to fit different use cases. They are grouped into categories depending on their performance capacity and pricing structure. There are five categories of instance types including General Purpose, Compute Optimized, Memory Optimized, Storage Optimized, and Accelerated Computing instances. Each category is suited best for specific workloads and they consist of different instance types each given a specific name, for example, 't2.micro'. Each instance type has a specific amount of CPU, memory, storage, and network capacity. Understanding the workloads of your applications can help you determine which instance type would be best suited to your needs.

> Instance types are further divided into six parts such as general purpose, compute optimized, memory optimized, accelerated computing, storage optimized, HPC optimized.

Reviewer: @yashdeored your latest commit still didn't fully implement my suggestion, please change this line to:

`Learn more from the following resources:`

> Instance types are further divided into six parts such as general purpose, compute optimized, memory optimized, accelerated computing, storage optimized, HPC optimized.
> 
> - [@article@AWS EC2 Instance Types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@AWS EC2 Instance Types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types)
```

Reviewer: The linked article explains the types of instances so no need to add any more copy.

Change the tag to `@official@` as it's AWS documentation.

AWS EC2 instances come in a variety of types optimized to fit different use cases. They are grouped into categories depending on their performance capacity and pricing structure. There are five categories of instance types including General Purpose, Compute Optimized, Memory Optimized, Storage Optimized, and Accelerated Computing instances. Each category is suited best for specific workloads and they consist of different instance types each given a specific name, for example, 't2.micro'. Each instance type has a specific amount of CPU, memory, storage, and network capacity. Understanding the workloads of your applications can help you determine which instance type would be best suited to your needs.

> Learn more from the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more from the following resources:

```

Reviewer: With a newline after it 😅 

When I reviewing using "Suggested Changes" you can just press "Commit suggestion" and it'll commit what I suggested.

In future also please reference other `md` files in the repo to see how to we style and structure these pages.
